[KOGITO-5424] Update Knative sections to use the new Add-on (#3836)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/bpmn/chap-kogito-developing-process-services.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/[Knative Eventing] is a system that enables you to create event producers and consumers for your applications. Knative Eventing uses standard HTTP POST requests to send and receive events between event producers and consumers. These events conform to the https://github.com/cloudevents/spec[CloudEvents specification], which enables creating, parsing, sending, and receiving events in any programming language.

> {PRODUCT} provides the https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-runtimes/tree/main/addons/common/knative/eventing[Knative Eventing add-on] that enables you to use Knative Eventing with {PRODUCT} services that consume or publish messages within a Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) process model, Serverless Workflow or Decisions. {PRODUCT} runtime events for messages, processes, tasks, and other application activities are published in https://cloudevents.io/[CloudEvents] format so that they can be consumed efficiently by other entities, such as the Knative Eventing system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{PRODUCT} provides the https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-runtimes/tree/main/addons/common/knative/eventing[Knative Eventing add-on] that enables you to use Knative Eventing with {PRODUCT} services that consume or publish messages within a Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) process model, Serverless Workflow, or decisions. {PRODUCT} runtime events for messages, processes, tasks, and other application activities are published in https://cloudevents.io/[CloudEvents] format so that they can be consumed efficiently by other entities, such as the Knative Eventing system.
```

> NOTE: Knative Eventing is currently supported for {PRODUCT} services on Quarkus only. The {PRODUCT} Operator supports Knative Eventing 0.17 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Knative Eventing is currently supported for {PRODUCT} services on Quarkus only. The https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-operator/#kogito-operator-tested-integrations[{PRODUCT} Operator supports Knative Eventing 0.20] or later.
```

> NOTE: Knative Eventing is currently supported for {PRODUCT} services on Quarkus only. The {PRODUCT} Operator supports Knative Eventing 0.17 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Knative Eventing is currently supported for {PRODUCT} services on Quarkus only. The https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-operator/#kogito-operator-tested-integrations[{PRODUCT} Operator supports Knative Eventing 0.20] or later.
```

Also, we need to add `Serverless Workflow` in the above paragraph, the way we added in the previous PR: https://github.com/kiegroup/kie-docs/pull/3820/files#diff-9592efa76b0032de3bb5b0f006f5027c5b22eec1c9bb10e850b20b43111fc27fR1754
